---
title: "About"
type: "about"
icon_class: "bi bi-person-vcard"
subtitle: "Public Self & Private Soul"
order: 10
avatar: "@/assets/img/avatar.jpg"
avatar_styles:
  z_index: 10
  float_margin_top: "-5rem"
  float_margin_right: "18rem"    # Should be at screen edge
  float_margin_left: "clamp(2rem, 6%, 5rem)" # 6% of content width (Responsive)
  # Can also be set to something like 30rem, to ensure no text below it for the rest of the about page
  float_margin_bottom: "clamp(2rem, 2%, 5rem)"
qualifications_sidebar:
  - text: "PDC"
    subtitle:
      - "Permaculture Design Certificate"
      - "2024"
    icon: "bi bi-award"
    image: "@/assets/img/Permaculture_Design_Certificate.png"
    link: "https://www.credential.net/5afe6c2a-7d95-4677-ae95-340e3318532c#acc.GrV1QdhE"

  - text: "Software Engineering"
    subtitle: "droped out after 3 semesters"
    icon: "bi bi-laptop"
  - text: "LabTech"
    subtitle:
      - "Laboratory Technican for agricultural and enviromental analysis"
      - "specialist area: Phytopathology"
    icon: "bi bi-flask"
  - text: "Beekeeping"
    subtitle: "got in to it with 13"
    icon: "bi bi-flower1"
---



This is a sample about section auto-generated by the theme installer.

We all navigate the world with two maps: the public one we share, and the private one we keep.
This space is an attempt to lay them side-by-side, offering a look at both the work I build and the life I enjoy.
Consider it the legend for both my public self and my private soul.

## The Outer Space

I'm first a student of complex problems, then a builder of their solutions.
My career has been a journey of continuous learning - a nicer way of saying I'm always a work in progress.
I thrive on turning abstract challenges into tangible results, whether that means shaping an idea from the ground up or guiding a team through uncharted territory.
The goal is always the same: to craft work that is intelligent in its design, useful in its function, and elegant in its form.

## The Inner Compass

In the parallel world of me is a quiet wanderer of forgotten trails, an avid reader of historical fiction, and a dedicated ideal-world believer.
These pursuits are my escapes, the source of my creativity, and the wellspring of my energy.
It's in the solitude of a mountain path or the pages of a dusty story that I find the clarity needed for life's bigger challenges.

## Get in Touch (Or Don't)

Whether these two maps chart a single journey is an open question; perhaps that's fitting, as we are all strangers until we are not.
Still, if your own path has led you here, and you've found a landmark you really, really, really want to discuss, you can try the email form at the bottom.
Please don't.
But you could.

Wishing you an amazing week, an awesome month, and an astonishing year! to discuss, you can try the email form at the bottom.
